OSOE-606: Upgrade to C# 11 (#86)
Lombiq/.NET-Analyzers: Readme.md

This project is developed by [Lombiq Technologies](https://lombiq.com/). Commercial-grade support is available through Lombiq.

### Publishing a new NuGet package

> When publishing a new version of the NuGet package, even if it's just a prerelease, also update the package references under _TestSolutions\Lombiq.Analyzers.PackageReferences_ to the new version. This is necessary to run the tests there

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When publishing a new version of the NuGet package, even if it's just a pre-release, also update the package references under _TestSolutions\Lombiq.Analyzers.PackageReferences_ to the new version. This is necessary to run the tests there.
```
